[NARRATOR]
Last Dragon Ball Z Kai--
Cell's search for Android
Eighteen intensified,
until he found his quest
for perfection
suddenly interrupted...
Having completed a
year's worth of training
inside the Hyperbolic
Time Chamber,
Vegeta made his triumphant
return to the battlefield.
Not quite...
I am Super Vegeta.
♪ opening song ♪
Haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!
Hoooaaaahhhhh!!!
No, that's not it...
All you're doing is
just burning off energy...
Listen... the key to becoming
a Super Saiyan is anger...
Get mad...
Really let yourself snap.
I can't get angry just
because you tell me to...
Huh? Hmmmmm...
Here, I know...
Try to imagine that me,
or Piccolo, or Krillin...
is about to be
defeated by Cell.
Hhhhhhrggghh...
Wait... But how...?
I've never seen Cell...
Uhhhhh...
Okay... Then how
about Frieza instead?
Hhhhhhhhhrrrrnnnggggaaaahh!!!
[pants heavily]
I can't.
[GOKU]
No, that was good.
You don't have to get
it on your first try.
We've got plenty of time.
[KRILLIN] There they
are--Vegeta and Cell.
I dunno which one's
the bigger monster...
Grrrrrrrrr!!
"Super Vegeta."
Ridiculous...!
What does that even mean?!
Do you really need me to
spell it out for you...?
Please, you're as
foolish as you are weak.
Grrrrr!!
[CELL]
You think giving yourself
some absurd name
changes who you are?!
In the future I come from,
you were defeated
by Android Seventeen!
Now I have absorbed
Seventeen's power!
Even a child could deduce
which one of us is stronger!
[crash]
Hah! Well clearly, that future
is about to be rewritten...
You'd be wise to forget
what you think you know,
and start focusing
on the here and now.
Not that you'll be "here" long.
Rrrrgghh!
[rumbling]
[KRILLIN] Whoa. Cell looks a lot
different than he did before...
What does that mean?
It's not his perfect
form, is it...?
Did... Did he already
absorb the androids...?
Man... After all the
trouble Bulma went through
to make this thing...
it looks like I was
too late to do any good.
Goodbye, Vegeta.
It's been nice knowing ya.
[explosion]
[crash]
[laughing]
Heh heh heh heh...
Huh?!
Well done--the Gallic Gun
has always been
one of my favorites...
Any other imitations
you'd like to show me...?
Or can we dispense
with the parlor
tricks and get
down to business?
Still, you mock me...
How dare you?!
[CELL]
Impossible...!
This can't be happening...!
[KRILLIN] Vegeta's
new power is awesome...
I don't know what
kinda training he did...
But whatever it was...
it sure worked...
Hold on...
Is that Trunks?
He's gotten bigger, too.
I barely recognize him.
[CELL]
I don't believe this!
Vegeta shouldn't pose the
slightest challenge to me!
It's gotta be a
trick of some kind.
It has to be!
There's no way he could
have gained this much power!
[CELL]
Curse you, Vegeta...
[breathing heavily]
[CELL]
You won't get away with this...
Grrrr!
Do...you hear me...?!
I won't let you!
I am Cell!
[loud splash]
[loud blast]
[crash]
Rrrrgh!!
Hehehehe!!
So Cell are ready to
face reality yet...?
Because you're
outclassed in every way,
and not just by me.
Trunks there has nearly the
same level of power as I do.
He's not as strong
as me, of course,
but it's safe to say, he
still puts you to shame.
So not only are you not
the most powerful being in
the universe as you claim,
you're not even second best.
You disappoint me.
I was hoping you'd give me
a chance to test my limits.
Instead, I get a fight that's
barely even worthy of a warm up.
Rrrrrgh!
Aaaargggh!!
[explosions]
Whoa... Intense...!
I am Cell!
I cannot lose...!
[GOHAN]
Haaaaaaarrrrrrggghhhh!!!
Aaaaarrrrggghhh!!
Gohan...! Get mad...!
Really let yourself snap!
Whoa! When did
I even fall asleep...?
Where's dad...?
[GOKU]
Ka...
Me...
Ha...
Ha!!
[explosion]
Dad!
Gohan... I thought
you were sleeping.
No, not on purpose...!
I'm sorry if
I passed out on you...
Hey now...
You're still adjusting
to the increased gravity
and the temperature
swings in this place.
I'd be surprised if
the extreme conditions
weren't taking a toll on you.
They're a lot for
anyone to handle,
let alone a boy your age.
You've got to pace yourself
if you wanna make it a year.
It's okay to rest.
No...
Rest isn't the thing that's
gonna make me stronger now...
I don't need it...
I'm ready to train.
I have to keep going!
I don't wanna quit
until I become a Super
Saiyan like you, Dad!
You need me!
I'll tell you
one thing, Gohan,
I wish I had half your heart
the first time I came in here...
Come on... Let's start.
All right!
[CELL]
How did this happen?!
I was so close!
A few more moments,
and I would have
achieved my perfect form...
Then no one could defeat me!
Rrrrghhh!
[CELL] Android Eighteen,
where are you?!
Wait--Android Eighteen...?
So he still hasn't
absorbed her yet!
Then... could she
still be hiding
down there somewhere?
If-If she is...
Maybe I can still
use the controller...
Only question is...
where do I look?
Guess I'm gonna have to comb
the whole island
'til I find her...
Why...?! Why must
I suffer this humiliation?
If only Eighteen
would show herself...
Then... I would
make them all pay!
Now... Hold on...
"Do" you actually believe
this "perfect form" of yours
would make the slightest
bit of difference against me?
I know it would...!
I would have the
ultimate power...!
My strength,
speed, and intellect
would be without equal!
If I absorbed Eighteen,
I would become perfect in
every imaginable respect!
Just as the computer
designed me to be!
[crash]
Wait... I know you.
You want to see
what I'll become, too!
Stop, Vegeta--just
listen to me...!
Listen!
Amazing.
But I still don't get it.
Was he only pretending to
be weak when I fought him?
No...
There would have been no
reason for him to do so.
Since you and he fought...
he has gained this power.
But how is that possible?
How can anyone change
that much in a few days?!
It's... her... She's
right down there...
Man... Anyone spot
me...? Let's see...
No, they're too
wrapped up in the fight.
So I just push this button
to shut down Eighteen,
and then I destroy her
so Cell can't reach
his perfect form.
Problem solved,
easy as that, right...?
You need to know the signal
does have a limited range--
you'll have to be within thirty
feet for it to work, okay...?
Thirty feet, don't forget!
Here goes nothin'...
[panting]
Will you really be satisfied
ending things this way?
[KRILLIN] I didn't see
Android Seventeen with them...
I'm guessing that
means he got absorbed...
That would explain
how Cell powered-up
and transformed like that...
[KRILLIN]
They're right there...!
Somehow I've gotta get
within thirty feet of 'em
without them noticing...
If they see me coming...
it's all over...
[KRILLIN]
What am I doing?
This is no time to
let my mind wander!
A squirrel.
Oh man, am I jumpy...
Whoa! Don't go over there!
Why would I care about
seeing your perfect form?
As pathetic as you are now...
I find it hard to believe
you'd give me a challenge.
Ha...! I'd give you
far more than that...
You wouldn't even
stand a chance.
Really...?
Don't listen,
Dad... Be smart...
Yes, Vegeta...
I can see, you are
interested, aren't you...
You forget... I know you...
You can't help but be curious
to see what I'll become;
it's in your blood.
Your race lives for
the thrill of battle.
The stronger your opponent
the more you welcome it.
Anything that gives you a
chance to test your mettle.
Yes... It's true, isn't
it? You know I'm right.
You want to see
my full power...
Your pride won't let you
have it any other way.
And not just your pride...
You are the Prince
of the Saiyans...
The pride of your
entire warrior race
rests on your shoulders.
[KRILLIN]
Thirty feet... Thirty feet...
Just a little closer...
'Kay... Th-This is it...
I'm gonna have to move fast.
Once Eighteen's shut down,
I have to destroy her
before Cell has a chance
to get his hands on her...
Right now. She's distracted...
And Sixteen looks like
he can barely move...
This could be my only shot...
It's real shame it
has come down to this.
She was just a regular
girl until Doctor Gero
turned her into an Android.
Pretty one, at that...
Almost makes me
feel sorry for her...
I don't really have to
destroy her, do I...?
C'mon! Of course I do.
There's too much at stake.
If Cell absorbs her
and powers up again,
that's gonna mean
the end of the world!
I've just got to
press the button...
Just press it...
What's holding
me back? C'mon...!
Press it...
Press it... Press it.
See you soon.
So... cute.
It's not fair.
It's not her fault
she got turned into
an android, is it...?
Where'd you come from?
[18] An emergency
shutdown controller...?!
No... Where did he get that?!
[NARRATOR] Krillin has
reached his decision.
Will this prove to be
the end of Android 18?
Find out--next
Dragon Ball Z Kai.
♪ ending song ♪
[18]
It's me--Eighteen...
Wait, why am I still here?
[KRILLIN]
No time for questions,
we gotta get you out of
here before Cell absorbs you!
Run for it, and
I'll try to cover you!
[18] It's bad enough I
was turned into an android.
I'm not about to get
swallowed by a monster, too!
[GOKU] Next time,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai--
[18] I can't go yet--I still
have so much shopping to do!